hey I'm ready okay you all packed and
ready to go
I just hate these business trips without
you oh babe seven days will fly by and
your big battle my arms in no time and
please don't touch on any nonsense while
I'm away oh don't be silly now baby you
know you the only girl for me
bye my angel look off to yourself but
don't worry I got my eyes on you safe
flight
safe flight
hey sweetie
what up Calvin
Samantha's you open up this door please
okay I'm coming and why is the stool
lobby you home early with you they
cannot have someone yet you know what
I'm looking for what no see I was ever
with the seaman days but suddenly
actually P I thought back to you up in a
surprise wait what are you looking for
maybe you've got a visitor I gotta just
check
and who sees the hey babe
isn't it yours I'm pretty sure that's
yours man what is that what is this
belong to Calvin hey wow that's a nice
stone that's a really really nice stone
and that's what we yeah tell me and you
please explain to me whose is this isn't
it true I'm sure you add that on before
it's a small I'm a lodge
ok ok ok I can explain
right I can explain no you don't need to
add you know babe you know you come home
and you see me and you see all these
things laying around and you're assuming
things and you're putting one and one
together and you're putting me in a box
and I'm like I can't breathe you know
you know let's just sit down and talk
you know just give me a second you know
but I just want to say you know you know
what babe I just need to be a man and
say you know what I love you mm and you
love me right just
I just go up Eve that you surprise me
and all these little tips I just love
you yes
the boat is small but you know what
so it is penis I take off my clothes